README.md, before:

> This repo is a **mirror** of the [tewi font repository](https://github.com/lucy/tewi-font) by [lucy](https://github.com/lucy). Everything is the same as the original repository except for these first two lines in the `README` and the screenshots in the `assets` folder, which were previously hosted on GitHub pages.

> **NOTE**: The distro packages listed in `Installing` will no longer work as they are pointed at the original repository.

![screenshot](assets/tewi.png)

#### tewi-medium
![tewi-medium](assets/tewi-medium.png)

#### tewii-medium
![tewii-medium](assets/tewii-medium.png)

#### tewi2a-medium
![tewi2a-medium](assets/tewi2a-medium.png)

#### tewi-bold
![tewi-bold](assets/tewi-bold.png)

#### tewii-bold
![tewii-bold](assets/tewii-bold.png)

#### tewi2a-bold
![tewi2a-bold](assets/tewi2a-bold.png)

## Building
#### Requirements
* python 3 (variant generator)
* bdftopcf (.pcf files)

Run `make` to build PCFs. To only build the standalone BDF files run `make var`.

## Installing
#### Arch
[AUR package](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/bdf-tewi-git/)

#### Crux
[6c37/pcf-tewi](https://github.com/6c37/crux-ports)

#### X11
```shell
$ make fontdir
$ xset +fp /path/to/tewi-font/out # you should do this every time X starts
                                  # e.g. put it in your ~/.xinitrc
```

#### Fontconfig
```shell
$ make
$ ln -s /path/to/tewi-font/out ~/.fonts/tewi
$ fc-cache -fv
```

NOTE: If your distro has a file like `70-no-bitmaps.conf` in
`/etc/fonts/conf.d`, and tewi doesn't work, you should remove it.

Commit message:

add archive.org and codeberg mirrors to README

README.md, after:

> This repo is a **mirror** of the [tewi font repository](https://github.com/lucy/tewi-font) by [lucy](https://github.com/lucy). Everything is the same as the original repository except for these first three lines in the `README` and the screenshots in the `assets` folder, which were previously hosted on GitHub pages.

> **NOTE**: The distro packages listed in `Installing` will no longer work as they are pointed at the original repository.

> See https://codeberg.org/em64/tewi and https://archive.org/details/tewi-font-master for 2 more mirrors, and thank you em for finding the missing files

![screenshot](assets/tewi.png)

#### tewi-medium
![tewi-medium](assets/tewi-medium.png)

#### tewii-medium
![tewii-medium](assets/tewii-medium.png)

#### tewi2a-medium
![tewi2a-medium](assets/tewi2a-medium.png)

#### tewi-bold
![tewi-bold](assets/tewi-bold.png)

#### tewii-bold
![tewii-bold](assets/tewii-bold.png)

#### tewi2a-bold
![tewi2a-bold](assets/tewi2a-bold.png)

## Building
#### Requirements
* python 3 (variant generator)
* bdftopcf (.pcf files)

Run `make` to build PCFs. To only build the standalone BDF files run `make var`.

## Installing
#### Arch
[AUR package](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/bdf-tewi-git/)

#### Crux
[6c37/pcf-tewi](https://github.com/6c37/crux-ports)

#### X11
```shell
$ make fontdir
$ xset +fp /path/to/tewi-font/out # you should do this every time X starts
                                  # e.g. put it in your ~/.xinitrc
```

#### Fontconfig
```shell
$ make
$ ln -s /path/to/tewi-font/out ~/.fonts/tewi
$ fc-cache -fv
```

NOTE: If your distro has a file like `70-no-bitmaps.conf` in
`/etc/fonts/conf.d`, and tewi doesn't work, you should remove it.
